Here is a summary of files in the "final-results-v2 folder".

archives/bang_for_buck_comparison.zip:
    Comparison of "best reduced cost" vs "bang-for-buck" as label selection criterion for interleaved search.

archives/exhaustive_dssr.zip
    Final results used for paper. These results are for all instances with up to 66 targets. The runs were done using
    DSSR with least-reduced-cost label selection, use of bit-based tracking for 2-cycle elimination
    and joins and a correct implementation of 2-way dominance.

archives/exhaustive_idssr.zip
    These results were generated by running I-DSSR with least-reduced-cost label selection for all instances with up to
    66 targets.

archives/one_thread.zip
    These results were generated for instances from the "exhaustive_dssr" runs in which branching occurred and
    optimality was reached. The algorithm was run with the same settings as that of the "exhaustive_dssr" runs except
    the number of threads, which was 1 here. These results were to study the effectiveness of parallelism in terms of
    solution time improvements.

archives/search.zip
    Results used to compare DSSR and I-DSSR using least-reduced-cost label selection.

dssr_1_thread_instances.csv:
    List of instances used to generate the "archives/one_Thread.zip" results.

results.db:
    SQLite database with all the above results stored as tables. Table names are the same as the archive names.
    The "queries" folder in the repository contains SQL queries used to generate the "dssr_1_thread_instances.csv"
    file and queries to generate tables reported in the latest version of the paper.
